hey everyone Bobby here from tablet
crunch com hope you're having a great
new year so far in this video I'm going
to show you two very fast and easy ways
to troubleshoot the Wi-Fi connection on
your iPhone device this is applicable
for iPhone 5 4s for 3GS all the latest
iPod touches as well this is if you're
having intermittent Wi-Fi connectivity
issues or your your wireless network is
grayed out in your list of networks
available or you just simply can't
connect to your wireless network where
other devices you have maybe connecting
just fine so this is not an end-all
solution of course there could be a lot
of other things happening between your
router your network your device but
these are two fast ways to troubleshoot
and see if we can't get you fixed up on
your iPhone so first thing we want to do
is tap Settings on this next screen that
comes up you see airplane mode I want
you to turn that on you'll notice up in
the upper left-hand corner up here the
network and cellular signals disappear
replaced by that airplane icon wait a
few seconds and then turn that airplane
mode off and then you'll notice once you
turn it off it's going to go back
through the motion it's going to bring
up your data connection it's going to
bring up your cellular connection what
that data is basically it renewed the IP
address and flushed all the DNS settings
out of your device so once you've turned
the airplane mode off and you've seen
all your signals come back on
go ahead go back to the home screen open
up your web browser open up your apps
see if that doesn't saw see if that
didn't solve your Wi-Fi connectivity
issue if you're still having issues
here's another quick way to troubleshoot
again let's go back to settings this
time right underneath airplane mode you
see Wi-Fi let's go ahead and tap on
Wi-Fi and then I want you to find the
network that you're actually connected
to in this case there's only one it's
Samson that's the one I'm on you'll see
this blue circled arrow out to the right
go ahead and tap on that that'll bring
up this screen right here next I want
you to do next thing I want you to do is
hit forget this and
work now at the bottom the screen will
come up are you sure you want to forget
the network go ahead and hit forget and
then you see it disappear completely and
then you notice also down here basically
deleted all of the IP router DNS client
IDs basically deleted the network
completely from your iPhone okay next
what we want to do is go back to our
list of Wi-Fi networks you should see
the network still available it's right
here now what we want to do is tap on it
and we want to get connected back to it
this particular network is password
protected so I'm gonna have to enter my
password and you will need to do the
same if by chance you are on a network
that is not secured as soon as you
tapped on that network name it should
just connect automatically mine was
secured and then once I hit forget this
network of course it flushed out the
cache of that password so I had to
re-enter it and that's it once you get
connected back up to the network go back
to the home screen open up your web
browser open up your apps and see if
that did not solve your Wi-Fi
connectivity issues that's it those are
two easy troubleshooting methods to
hopefully fix your Wi-Fi connectivity
problems on your iPhone again applicable
to iPhone 5 4s for 3GS and all of the
iPod Touch versions as well my name is
Bobbi I'm with tablet crunch comm and
we'll see you soon thanks